First, we will briefly review his history up to this point to clarify the problem obvious.
It is summarized as follows. Derrida was born in Algeria in 1930.
His philosophical works, later called 'deconstruction' (in French: déconstruction), started in Paris in the early 1960s, that is, when he was in his early thirties.
These basically began as research on Husserl.
However,although at that time he had relied on phenomenological lexicon and problem,he successively presented outstanding insight into wide-ranging problems which are not limited to these. 
On the occasion of three works published in 1967 his works rapidly received positive feedback and extended these influence more in 1970's.
Since then,he begun to deviate from,on one hand,linguistic boundary of French,and on the other hand,institutional domain of 'physics'.
At that time on one hand his works are rapidly accepted in the English-speaking world, mainly American humanities academia and in the late 1970s 'deconstruction' developed into one of the intellectual trend.
(At that time, on the one hand, his works were rapidly accepted in the English-speaking world, mainly in American humanities academia. In the late 1970s, 'deconstruction' developed into one of the intellectual trends.)
At the same time,his interests opened up to diverse fields of artistic practice such as from poem and painting to architecture and video art.
(At the same time, his interests expanded to diverse fields of artistic practice, ranging from poetry and painting to architecture and video art.)
Due to the unversality and the transdisciplinarity, by early 1980s,he ended up being widely accepted as one of philosopheres leading 'post modern'. 
(Due to his universality and transdisciplinarity, by the early 1980s, he ended up being widely accepted as one of the leading philosophers of postmodernism.)
However,because of his resistance to non-political implication of 'postmodernism',since then, on the contrary he gradually changed to be frequently interested in political and social problems.
(However, because of his resistance to the non-political implications of 'postmodernism,' since then, on the contrary, he has gradually become frequently interested in political and social problems.)
As a result, 'deconstruction' presented since the mid-1980s, especially in 1990s, can't be no longer understood from the perspective of philosophical rigor and aesthetic applicability.
(As a result, 'deconstruction,' presented since the mid-1980s and especially in the 1990s, can no longer be understood from the perspective of philosophical rigor and aesthetic applicability.)